I've been, I've been involved with lots of computer science projects one
that I'm currently with is my start up making a virtual reality little
a character and it's going to be shipped off to PlayStation and
it's really cool to work with my friends, but the the project that
I'm most proud of is probably the big major project that I did for
my masters at University of Southern California it's called advance
games design, that's the class I was in, and the project was called
'Recall'. You have this virtual reality headset on and you walk around
this crazy space trying to remember things as they appear while you're
walking and the fact that you're in a virtual reality room kinda
helps you kinda like relate what it is you saw with what you're trying
to remember, it uses the method of loci.